[DOCS-1571] BYOB on CoreWeave storage (#1391)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/hosting/data-security/secure-storage-connector.md

{{% alert %}}
* Communication between W&B SDK / CLI / UI and your buckets occurs using [pre-signed URLs]({{< relref "./presigned-urls.md" >}}).
* W&B uses a garbage collection process to delete W&B Artifacts. For more information, see [Deleting Artifacts]({{< relref "/guides/core/artifacts/manage-data/delete-artifacts.md" >}}).
* You can specify a sub-path when configuring a bucket, to ensure that W&B does not store any files in a folder at the root of the bucket. It can help you better conform to your organzation's bucket governance policy.
{{% /alert %}}

### Data stored in the central database vs buckets
When using BYOB functionality, certain types of data will be stored in the W&B central database, and other types will be stored in your bucket. 

#### Database
- Metadata for users, teams, artifacts, experiments, and projects
- Reports
- Experiment logs
- System metrics
- Console logs

#### Buckets
- Experiment files and metrics
- Artifact files
- Media files
- Run files
- Exported history metrics and system events in Parquet format

> ### Bucket scopes

Author: Recast this section a bit

This flexible design allows for many different storage topologies, depending on your organization's needs. For example:
- The same bucket can be used for the instance and one or more teams.
- Each team can use a separate bucket, some teams can choose to write to the instance bucket, or multiple teams can share a bucket by writing to subpaths.
- Buckets for different teams can be hosted in different cloud infrastructure environments or regions, and can be managed by different storage admin teams.

For example, suppose you have a team called Kappa in your organization. Your organization (and Team Kappa) use the Instance level storage bucket by default. Next, you create a team called Omega. When you create Team Omega, you configure a Team level storage bucket for that team. Files generated by Team Omega are not accessible by Team Kappa. However, files created by Team Kappa are accessible by Team Omega. If you want to isolate data for Team Kappa, you must configure a Team level storage bucket for them as well.

### Availability matrix
W&B can connect to the following types of storage:

> - [CoreWeave AI Object Storage](https://docs.coreweave.com/docs/products/storage/object-storage) is a high-performance, S3-compatible object storage service optimized for AI workloads.

Author: We didn't previously list all the options in one place. I also reworked the availability matrix table a bit.

| Dedicated Cloud            | X<sup><a href="footnote_1">1</a></sup> | X          | Instance and team level BYOB are supported for AWS S3, GCP Storage, Microsoft Azure Blob Storage, and S3-compatible storage like [MinIO](https://github.com/minio/minio) hosted in your cloud or on-prem infrastructure.<br><br>CoreWeave AI Object Storage is available for team level BYOB. |
| SaaS Cloud                 | Not Applicable                         | X          | Team level BYOB is supported for CoreWeave AI Object Storage, AWS S3, and GCP Storage. W&B fully manages the default and only storage bucket for Microsoft Azure. |
| Self-Managed               | X<sup><a href="footnote_1">1</a></sup> | X          | Instance and team level BYOB are supported for AWS S3, GCP Storage, Microsoft Azure Blob Storage, and S3-compatible storage like [MinIO](https://github.com/minio/minio) hosted in your cloud or infrastructure on your premises.<br><br>CoreWeave AI Object Storage is available for team level BYOB. |

<sup><a id="footnote_1">1</a>.</sup> CoreWeave AI Object Storage is currently supported only for team level BYOB. Instance level support for Dedicated Cloud and Self-Hosted is coming soon.

> ## Set up BYOB

Author: Restructured the headings here to show the sequence better.

### 1. Provision your bucket {#provision-your-bucket}

After [verifying availability]({{< relref "#availability-matrix" >}}), you are ready to provision your storage bucket, including its access policy and CORS. Select a tab to continue.

> {{< tabpane text=true >}}

Author: storage-specific tabs

          "*"
        ],
        "AllowedMethods": [
          "GET",
          "HEAD",
          "PUT"
        ],
        "AllowedOrigins": [
          "*"
        ],
        "ExposeHeaders": [
          "ETag"
        ],
        "MaxAgeSeconds": 3000
      }
    ]
    ```
    CoreWeave storage is S3-compatible. For details about CORS, refer to [Configuring cross-origin resource sharing (CORS)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/enabling-cors-examples.html) in the AWS documentation.
1. Configure a bucket policy that grants the required permissions for your W&B deployment to access the bucket and generate [pre-signed URLs]({{< relref "./presigned-urls.md" >}}) that AI workloads in your cloud infrastructure or user browsers utilize to access the bucket. Refer to [Bucket Policy Reference](https://docs.coreweave.com/docs/products/storage/object-storage/reference/bucket-policy) in the CoreWeave documentation. <!--Select your deployment type to view an example bucket policy.-->

   <!--> <details>
      <a id="coreweave-dedicated-cloud-self-managed-bucket-policy"></a><summary><b>Dedicated Cloud</b> / <b>Self-Managed</b> bucket policy</summary>-->

>     Replace:
>       - In `Resource`, each instance of `<cw_bucket>` with the CoreWeave bucket name.
>       - In `Principal`, each instance of `<cw_principal_and_role_arn>` with the CoreWeave principal and role ARN in the format `"arn:aws:iam:::user/<CW_ORG>:<CW_USER>"`. To apply the policy to all principals, replace the entire ARN with `*`. To apply the policy to all principals in your CoreWeave organization, replace `<CW_USER>` with `*`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I'm confused what this is for? Do you mind showing me? I don't think this is relevant for CoreWeave server unless I'm missing something here

Reviewer: also its outdated as we decided on 
```
"Principal": {
     "CW": "arn:aws:iam::wandb:static/wandb-integration"
}
```

Author: this was probably confusing, so I have removed the previously commented multi-tenant stuff. The replacements in line 113-114 refer to:

```
"Principal": { "CW": "<cw_principal_and_role_arn>" },
```

and

```
          "Resource": [
            "arn:aws:s3:::<cw_bucket>",
            "arn:aws:s3:::<cw_bucket>/*"
```
respectively. This was the policy that Anmol shared with me for Multi-tenant, with the conditional removed. Is there a more up to date policy for me to adapt? What should the Resource look like? I've updated the principal.

>     ```json

Reviewer: this is also only for Saas, this entire section needs  to be commented out or deleted

Author: Now removed since the comments didn't work out, I'll use this PR's history to bring it back when we need it.

              "s3:GetBucketLocation",
              "s3:GetBucketVersioning"
            ],
          "Resource": [
            "arn:aws:s3:::<cw_bucket>",
            "arn:aws:s3:::<cw_bucket>/*"
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
    ```

    <!-- 
    </details>

    <details>
      <a id="coreweave-multi-tenant-cloud-bucket-policy"></a><summary><b>Multi-tenant Cloud</b> bucket policy</summary>

    **Multi-tenant Cloud only**:
    For team level storage in Multi-tenant Cloud, obtain your W&B organization ID, which is required in your bucket policy for team level storage:
      1. Log in to W&B as a user with the `admin` role.
      1. Click the icon at the top left to open the left navigation, then click **Create a team to collaborate**.
      1. Click **External storage**, then set **Cloud Provider** to **CoreWeave**.
      1. Near the bottom of the dialog, make a note of the **W&B organization ID**.
      1. Keep this page open. Later, you will use it to create the new team.
    
    Replace:
    - In `Resource`, each instance of `<cw_bucket>` with the CoreWeave bucket name.
    - In `Principal` and `Condition`, each instance of `<wb-org-id>` with your W&B organization ID.

>     ```json

Reviewer 2: This is related to SaaS, this shouldn't go out on 7/1

Author: It's tricky to follow in the diff, but this is commented out. https://github.com/wandb/docs/pull/1391/files#diff-19bb6d6657e85724c9ba35b5c955d80243bde09c323e74c9663951a1f0a92021R147 Check the HTML preview linked in the PR description to see what the output looks like.

- [Google Cloud Storage](https://cloud.google.com/storage) is a managed service for storing unstructured data at scale.
- [Azure Blob Storage](https://azure.microsoft.com/products/storage/blobs) is a cloud-based object storage solution for storing massive amounts of unstructured data like text, binary data, images, videos, and logs.
- S3-compatible storage like [MinIO](https://github.com/minio/minio) hosted in your cloud or infrastructure on your premises.

The following table shows the availability of BYOB at each scope for each W&B deployment type.

| W&B deployment type | Instance level                         | Team level | Additional information |
|----------------------------|----------------------------------------|------------|------------------------|
| Dedicated Cloud            | &check;<sup><a href="footnote_1">1</a></sup> | &check;          | Instance and team level BYOB are supported for CoreWeave AI Object Storage, AWS S3, GCP Storage, Microsoft Azure Blob Storage, and S3-compatible storage like [MinIO](https://github.com/minio/minio) hosted in your cloud or on-prem infrastructure. |

> | Multi-tenant Cloud                 | Not Applicable                         | &check;<sup><a href="footnote_1">1</a></sup> | Team level BYOB is supported for AWS S3, and GCP Storage. W&B fully manages the default and only storage bucket for Microsoft Azure. Team level BYOB for CoreWeave AI Object Storage is coming soon. |

Reviewer 3: Same with this one. consider removing (if not pressured by product to keep this).

Author: As with the other one, I need to leave this in for now. The plan was originally to deliver Multi-tenant first, and it is expected to be finished up very soon.

| Self-Managed               | &check;<sup><a href="footnote_1">1</a></sup> | &check;          | Instance and team level BYOB are supported for CoreWeave AI Object Storage, AWS S3, GCP Storage, Microsoft Azure Blob Storage, and S3-compatible storage like [MinIO](https://github.com/minio/minio) hosted in your cloud or infrastructure on your premises. |

> <sup><a id="footnote_1">1</a>.</sup> CoreWeave AI Object Storage is currently supported only for instance or team level BYOB on Dedicated Cloud and Self-Managed. Team level BYOB on Multi-tenant Cloud is coming soon.

Reviewer 3: Let's remove this? It dates the docs.

Author: I was asked to keep this in, hopefully the limitation will be lifted very soon.

    
    Replace:
    - In `Resource`, each instance of `<cw_bucket>` with the CoreWeave bucket name.
    - In `Principal` and `Condition`, each instance of `<wb-org-id>` with your W&B organization ID.

    ```json
    {
      "Version": "2012-10-17",
      "Id": "WandBAccess",
      "Statement": [
        {
          "Sid": "WAndBAccountAccess",
          "Effect": "Allow",
          "Principal": { "CW": "arn:aws:iam::<wb-org-id>:*" },
            "Action" : [
              "s3:GetObject*",
              "s3:GetEncryptionConfiguration",
              "s3:ListBucket",
              "s3:ListBucketMultipartUploads",
              "s3:ListBucketVersions",
              "s3:AbortMultipartUpload",
              "s3:DeleteObject",
              "s3:PutObject",
              "s3:GetBucketCORS",
              "s3:GetBucketLocation",
              "s3:GetBucketVersioning"
            ],
            "Resource": [
              "arn:aws:s3:::<cw_bucket>",
              "arn:aws:s3:::<cw_bucket>/*"
            ],
            "Condition": {
			        "StringLike": {
				        "wandb:OrgID": [
					       "<wb-org-id>"
				        ]
			        }
		        }
        }
      ]
    }
    ```

>     </details>-->

Reviewer 3: There is a trailing "-->" showing up in the docs: 

<img width="799" alt="Screenshot 2025-06-27 at 1 19 42 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b675d677-989a-4c04-9bde-84a5590d9a48" />

Author: Fixed

Reviewer 3: Not sure if my preview is caching, but I still see the extraneous "->". https://docs-1571-mvp.docodile.pages.dev/guides/hosting/data-security/secure-storage-connector/#set-up-byob

Author: Yeah you are right, hopefully fixed adfter this push!

Keep a record of the bucket name and access credentials. Next, [configure W&B](#configure-byob).

<details>
<summary>Troubleshoot CoreWeave storage connection errors</summary>

> <h4>Troubleshoot CoreWeave storage connection errors</h4>

Reviewer 3: Don't think we need this h4: 
<img width="814" alt="Screenshot 2025-06-27 at 1 23 09 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a0d9b59c-8dfa-4458-89e5-29bed7279881" />

Author: Done (also moved the whole troubleshooting section to the end)

    For team level BYOB, W&B recommends that you use [Terraform](https://github.com/wandb/terraform-azurerm-wandb/tree/main/modules/secure_storage_connector) to provision the Azure Blob Storage bucket along with the necessary access mechanism and permissions. If you use [Dedicated cloud]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/hosting-options/dedicated_cloud.md" >}}), provide the OIDC issuer URL for your instance. Make a note of details that you need to [configure the bucket while creating the team]({{< relref "#configure-byob-in-wb" >}}):

    * Storage account name
    * Storage container name
    * Managed identity client id
    * Azure tenant id
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab header="S3-compatible" value="s3-compatible" %}}
Create your S3-compatible bucket. Make a note of:
- Access key
- Secret access key
- URL endpoint
- Bucket name
- Folder path, if applicable.
- Region
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabpane >}}

> ### 2. Determine the storage address  {#determine-the-storage-address}

Author: Rewrote the previous section https://github.com/wandb/docs/pull/1391/files#diff-19bb6d6657e85724c9ba35b5c955d80243bde09c323e74c9663951a1f0a92021L65 to have storage-specific tabs and give more details.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab header="AWS" value="aws" %}}
**Bucket format**:
```text
s3://<accessKey>:<secretAccessKey>@<s3_regional_url_endpoint>/<bucketName>?region=<region>
```
In the address, the `region` parameter is mandatory unless your W&B instance is deployed in AWS with `AWS_REGION` set to the bucket's AWS S3 region.
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab header="GCP" value="gcp" %}}
**Bucket format**:
```text
gs://<serviceAccountEmail>:<urlEncodedPrivateKey>@<bucketName>
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab header="Azure" value="azure" %}}
**Bucket format**:
```text
az://:<urlEncodedAccessKey>@<storageAccountName>/<containerName>
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab header="S3-compatible" value="s3-compatible" %}}
**Bucket format**:
```text
s3://<accessKey>:<secretAccessKey>@<url_endpoint>/<bucketName>?region=<region>&tls=true
```
In the address, the `region` parameter is mandatory.

{{% alert %}}
This section is for S3-compatible storage buckets that are not hosted in S3, like [MinIO](https://github.com/minio/minio) hosted on your premises. For storage buckets hosted in AWS S3, see the **AWS** tab instead.

> For Cloud-native storage buckets with an optional S3-compatible mode, use the Cloud-native protocol specifier when possible. For example, use `cw://` for a CoreWeave bucket, rather than `s3://`.

Author: The intent here is to discourage using S3-compatibility mode when possible. In the previous content, I couldn't actually see anything different with same-cloud and cross-cloud syntax, apart from the S3 region requirement detail. If I missed it, let me know so I can explain it more clearly.

{{% /alert %}}
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabpane >}}

After determining the storage address, you are ready to [configure instance level BYOB]({{< relref "#configure-instance-level-byob" >}}) or [configure team level BYOB]({{< relref "#configure-team-level-byob" >}}).

### 3. Configure W&B  {#configure-byob}
After you [provision your bucket]({{< relref "#provision-your-bucket" >}}), and [determine its address](#determine-the-storage-address), you are ready to configure BYOB at the [instance level]({{< relref "#instance-level-byob" >}}) or [team level]({{< relref "#team-level-byob" >}}).

{{% alert color="secondary" %}}
Plan your storage bucket layout carefully. After you configure a storage bucket for W&B, migrating its data to another bucket is complex and requires the assistance of W&B. This applies to storage for Dedicated Cloud and Self-Managed, as well as team-level storage for SaaS Cloud. For questions, contact [support](mailto:support@wandb.com).
{{% /alert %}}

> #### Instance level BYOB

Author: New sections so we can link directly to them. Also it looks like you can configure instance level BYOB in the app, so I tabbed this content.

- URL endpoint
- Bucket name
- Folder path, if applicable.
- Region

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabpane >}}

Next, [determine the storage address]({{< relref "#determine-the-storage-address" >}}).

### 2. Determine the storage address  {#determine-the-storage-address}
This section explains the syntax to use to connect W&B to a BYOB storage bucket. In the examples, replace placeholder values between angle brackets (`<>`) with your bucket's details.

Select a tab for detailed instructions.

{{< tabpane text=true >}}
{{% tab header="CoreWeave" value="coreweave" %}}
**Bucket format**:
```text
cw://<accessKey>:<secretAccessKey>@cwobject.com/<bucketName>?tls=true
```

- CoreWeave uses availability zones for AI Object Storage. In the bucket address, the `region` parameter is mandatory and must be set to the name of the CoreWeave availability zone that matches the CoreWeave bucket's location. Refer to [Regions and Availability Zones](https://docs.coreweave.com/docs/platform/regions) in the CoreWeave documentation. Click the **AI Object Storage** link for the region to verify the ability zone to use. For example, in region `US-EAST-01`, AI Object Storage is available in `US-EAST-01A`. 

>   The `cwobject.com` HTTPS endpoint is supported. TLS 1.3 is required. Contact [support](mailto:support@wandb.com) to express interest in other CoreWeave endpoints.

Author: ```suggestion

  The `cwobject.com` HTTPS endpoint is supported. TLS 1.3 is required. Contact [support](mailto:support@wandb.com) to express interest in other CoreWeave endpoints.
```

    * Storage account name
    * Storage container name
    * Managed identity client id
    * Azure tenant id

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab header="S3-compatible" value="s3-compatible" %}}
Create your S3-compatible bucket. Make a note of:
- Access key
- Secret access key
- URL endpoint
- Bucket name
- Folder path, if applicable.
- Region

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabpane >}}

Next, [determine the storage address]({{< relref "#determine-the-storage-address" >}}).

### 2. Determine the storage address  {#determine-the-storage-address}
This section explains the syntax to use to connect W&B to a BYOB storage bucket. In the examples, replace placeholder values between angle brackets (`<>`) with your bucket's details.

Select a tab for detailed instructions.

{{< tabpane text=true >}}
{{% tab header="CoreWeave" value="coreweave" %}}
**Bucket format**:
```text
cw://<accessKey>:<secretAccessKey>@cwobject.com/<bucketName>?tls=true
```

> - CoreWeave uses availability zones for AI Object Storage. In the bucket address, the `region` parameter is mandatory and must be set to the name of the CoreWeave availability zone that matches the CoreWeave bucket's location. Refer to [Regions and Availability Zones](https://docs.coreweave.com/docs/platform/regions) in the CoreWeave documentation. Click the **AI Object Storage** link for the region to verify the ability zone to use. For example, in region `US-EAST-01`, AI Object Storage is available in `US-EAST-01A`. 

Author: ```suggestion
- CoreWeave uses availability zones for AI Object Storage. Refer to [Regions and Availability Zones](https://docs.coreweave.com/docs/platform/regions) in the CoreWeave documentation for details. Click the **AI Object Storage** link for the region to verify the ability zone to use. For example, in region `US-EAST-01`, AI Object Storage is available in `US-EAST-01A`. 
```

  The `cwobject.com` HTTPS endpoint is supported. TLS 1.3 is required. Contact [support](mailto:support@wandb.com) to express interest in other CoreWeave endpoints.

>   See the [CoreWeave documentation](https://docs.coreweave.com/docs/products/storage/object-storage/how-to/get-started-caios#3-create-a-bucket) for details.

Author: ```suggestion
```

    * Storage account name
    * Storage container name
    * Managed identity client id
    * Azure tenant id

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab header="S3-compatible" value="s3-compatible" %}}
Create your S3-compatible bucket. Make a note of:
- Access key
- Secret access key
- URL endpoint
- Bucket name
- Folder path, if applicable.
- Region

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabpane >}}

Next, [determine the storage address]({{< relref "#determine-the-storage-address" >}}).

### 2. Determine the storage address  {#determine-the-storage-address}
This section explains the syntax to use to connect W&B to a BYOB storage bucket. In the examples, replace placeholder values between angle brackets (`<>`) with your bucket's details.

Select a tab for detailed instructions.

{{< tabpane text=true >}}
{{% tab header="CoreWeave" value="coreweave" %}}
**Bucket format**:
```text

> cw://<accessKey>:<secretAccessKey>@<coreweaveEndpoint>/<bucketName>?region=<region>&tls=true

Author: ```suggestion
cw://<accessKey>:<secretAccessKey>@cwobject.com/<bucketName>?tls=true
```

```

- CoreWeave uses availability zones for AI Object Storage. In the bucket address, the `region` parameter is mandatory and must be set to the name of the CoreWeave availability zone that matches the CoreWeave bucket's location. Refer to [Regions and Availability Zones](https://docs.coreweave.com/docs/platform/regions) in the CoreWeave documentation. Click the **AI Object Storage** link for the region to verify the ability zone to use. For example, in region `US-EAST-01`, AI Object Storage is available in `US-EAST-01A`. 
- Replace `<coreweaveEndpoint>` with one of:
  - `cwobject.com`: Primary HTTPS endpoint, TLS 1.3 required.

>   - `cwlota.com`: CoreWeave's [Local Object Transfer Accelerator (LOTA)](https://docs.coreweave.com/docs/products/storage/object-storage/concepts/lota) HTTP (not HTTPS) endpoint. LOTA is an intelligent proxy installed on every GPU Node in a CKS cluster to accelerate data transfer by providing an efficient local gateway to CoreWeave AI Object Storage on each node in the cluster for faster data transfer rates and decreased latency. Omit the `tls=true` parameter. 

Author: ```suggestion
  The `cwobject.com` HTTPS endpoint is supported. TLS 1.3 is required. Contact [support](mailto:support@wandb.com) to express interest in other CoreWeave endpoints.
```

    * Storage account name
    * Storage container name
    * Managed identity client id
    * Azure tenant id

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab header="S3-compatible" value="s3-compatible" %}}
Create your S3-compatible bucket. Make a note of:
- Access key
- Secret access key
- URL endpoint
- Bucket name
- Folder path, if applicable.
- Region

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabpane >}}

Next, [determine the storage address]({{< relref "#determine-the-storage-address" >}}).

### 2. Determine the storage address  {#determine-the-storage-address}
This section explains the syntax to use to connect W&B to a BYOB storage bucket. In the examples, replace placeholder values between angle brackets (`<>`) with your bucket's details.

Select a tab for detailed instructions.

{{< tabpane text=true >}}
{{% tab header="CoreWeave" value="coreweave" %}}
**Bucket format**:
```text
cw://<accessKey>:<secretAccessKey>@<coreweaveEndpoint>/<bucketName>?region=<region>&tls=true
```
or
```text
s3://<accessKey>:<secretAccessKey>@<coreweaveEndpoint>/<bucketName>?region=<region>&tls=true

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
lets remove this as we want `cw` to be the primary schema

Author: Done

> - CoreWeave uses availability zones for AI Object Storage. In the bucket address, the `region` parameter is mandatory and must be set to the name of the CoreWeave availability zone that matches the CoreWeave bucket's location. Refer to [Regions and Availability Zones](https://docs.coreweave.com/docs/platform/regions) in the CoreWeave documentation. Click the **AI Object Storage** link for the region to verify the ability zone to use. For example, in region `US-EAST-01`, AI Object Storage is available in `US-EAST-01A`. 

Reviewer: This is more of a nit as its fine to include the region but since coreweave buckets are globally unique, we don't actually need to specify the region. Might be easier to just remove this parameter and have 
`cw://<accessKey>:<secretAccessKey>@<coreweaveEndpoint>/<bucketName>?tls=true`
instead

Author: Done

- Replace `<coreweaveEndpoint>` with one of:
  - `cwobject.com`: Primary HTTPS endpoint, TLS 1.3 required.

>   - `cwlota.com`: CoreWeave's [Local Object Transfer Accelerator (LOTA)](https://docs.coreweave.com/docs/products/storage/object-storage/concepts/lota) HTTP (not HTTPS) endpoint. LOTA is an intelligent proxy installed on every GPU Node in a CKS cluster to accelerate data transfer by providing an efficient local gateway to CoreWeave AI Object Storage on each node in the cluster for faster data transfer rates and decreased latency. Omit the `tls=true` parameter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- legacy endpoints such as `object.lga1.coreweave.com`
- If there are other endpoints you would like to use please contact support @....
```

Author: Is it correct to remove LOTA? I understood that it was in scope for the initial release and I thought it was a CoreWeave-specific optimization. The legacy endpoint thing is news to me as I didn't even see it in the CoreWeave docs.

  See the [CoreWeave documentation](https://docs.coreweave.com/docs/products/storage/object-storage/how-to/get-started-caios#3-create-a-bucket) for details.

> - The `cw://` protocol specifier is preferred. However, CoreWeave buckets offer an optional S3-compatible mode when you use the `s3://` protocol specifier instead.

Reviewer: just remove the S3 part

Author: Done

### 3. Configure W&B  {#configure-byob}
After you [provision your bucket]({{< relref "#provision-your-bucket" >}}) and [determine its address](#determine-the-storage-address), you are ready to configure BYOB at the [instance level]({{< relref "#instance-level-byob" >}}) or [team level]({{< relref "#team-level-byob" >}}).

{{% alert color="secondary" %}}
Plan your storage bucket layout carefully. After you configure a storage bucket for W&B, migrating its data to another bucket is complex and requires the assistance of W&B. This applies to storage for Dedicated Cloud and Self-Managed, as well as team-level storage for Multi-tenant Cloud. For questions, contact [support](mailto:support@wandb.com).
{{% /alert %}}

#### Instance level BYOB
{{% alert %}}
For Team Level BYOB, refer to [Team level BYOB]({{< relref "#team-level-byob" >}}) instead.
{{% /alert %}}

For **Dedicated Cloud**: Share the bucket details with your W&B team, who will configure your Dedicated Cloud instance.

> For **Self-Managed**, you can configure instance level BYOB using the W&B App or the `GORILLA_SUPPORTED_FILE_STORES` environment variable. Select a tab to continue.

Reviewer: TEAM level not instance level for `GORILLA_SUPPORTED_FILE_STORES` env variable

Author: Got it, and it is a prerequisite for configuring team level BYOB across clouds? Not an alternative way to configure team level BYOB.

Author: I believe this is done.

- **Connection errors**
  - Verify that your W&B instance can connect to CoreWeave network endpoints.
  - CoreWeave uses virtual-hosted style paths, where the bucket name is a subdomain at the beginning of the path. For example: `cw://bucket-name.cwobject.com` is correct, while `cw://cwobject.com/bucket-name/` is not.
  - Bucket names must not contain underscores (`_`) or other characters incompatible with DNS rules.
  - Bucket names must be globally unique among CoreWeave locations.
  - Bucket names must not begin with `cw-` or `vip-`, which are reserved prefixes.
- **CORS validation failures**
  - A CORS policy is required. CoreWeave is S3-compatible; for details about CORS, refer to [Configuring cross-origin resource sharing (CORS)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/enabling-cors-examples.html) in the AWS documentation.
  - `AllowedMethods` must include methods `GET`, `PUT`, and `HEAD`.
  - `ExposeHeaders` must include `ETag.
  - W&B front-end domains must be included in the CORS policy's `AllowedOrigins`. The example CORS policies provided on this page include all domains using `*`.
- **LOTA endpoint issues**

>   - LOTA endpoints use HTTP rather than HTTPS. Omit the `tls` parameter from the bucket's address, and use the `cw://` protocol specifier if possible.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Connecting to LOTA endpoints from W&B is not yet supported.  To express interest, [contact support](mailto:support@wandb.com).
```

  - Your W&B instance must be able to connect to `.cwlota.com`.

>   - Use LOTA only when your workloads are running on CoreWeave GPU compute. LOTA is optimized for large file transfers within CoreWeave infrastructure.

Author: ```suggestion
```

- **Region errors**
  - CoreWeave uses availability zones for AI Object Storage.

>     - In the bucket address, set `region` to the name of the CoreWeave availability zone that matches the CoreWeave bucket's location.

Author: ```suggestion
    - In the bucket address, you can optionally set `region` to the name of the CoreWeave availability zone that matches the CoreWeave bucket's location. Because CoreWeave bucket names are globally unique, `region` is not required in the bucket address.
```

1. Enter the new **Bucket Name**.
1. Optionally, enter the **Path** to use in the new bucket.
1. Click **Save**

{{% /tab %}}

> {{% tab header="Environment variable" %}}

Reviewer: I believe we can just remove this whole tab

Author: Done

> To configure instance level BYOB, set the `GORILLA_SUPPORTED_FILE_STORES` environment variable to the bucket location, then restart W&B. 

Reviewer: This is wrong `GORILLA_SUPPORTED_FILE_STORES` is only used for server TEAM level byob

Author: Done

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabpane >}}

{{% alert %}}
For Self-Hosted, W&B recommends using the Terraform module managed by W&B to provision a storage bucket along with the necessary access mechanism and related IAM permissions:

* [AWS](https://github.com/wandb/terraform-aws-wandb/tree/main/modules/secure_storage_connector)
* [GCP](https://github.com/wandb/terraform-google-wandb/tree/main/modules/secure_storage_connector)
* Azure - [Instance level BYOB](https://github.com/wandb/terraform-azurerm-wandb/tree/main/examples/byob) or [Team level BYOB](https://github.com/wandb/terraform-azurerm-wandb/tree/main/modules/secure_storage_connector)
{{% /alert %}}

#### Team level BYOB

> After you [determine the storage location](#determine-the-storage-location) for your bucket, you can use the W&B App to configure team level BYOB while creating a team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you [determine the storage location](#determine-the-storage-address) for your bucket, you can use the W&B App to configure team level BYOB while creating a team.
```

To configure instance level BYOB, set the `GORILLA_SUPPORTED_FILE_STORES` environment variable to the bucket location, then restart W&B. 
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabpane >}}

{{% alert %}}
W&B recommends that you use a Terraform module managed by W&B to provision a storage bucket along with the necessary access mechanism and related IAM permissions:

* [AWS](https://github.com/wandb/terraform-aws-wandb/tree/main/modules/secure_storage_connector)
* [GCP](https://github.com/wandb/terraform-google-wandb/tree/main/modules/secure_storage_connector)
* Azure - [Instance level BYOB](https://github.com/wandb/terraform-azurerm-wandb/tree/main/examples/byob) or [Team level BYOB](https://github.com/wandb/terraform-azurerm-wandb/tree/main/modules/secure_storage_connector)
{{% /alert %}}

#### Team level BYOB
After you [determine the storage location](#determine-the-storage-location) for your bucket, you can use the W&B App to configure team level BYOB while creating the team.

{{% alert %}}
- After a team is created, its storage cannot be updated.
- For Instance level BYOB, refer to [Instance level BYOB]({{< relref "#instance-level-byob" >}}) instead.
{{% /alert %}}

> 1. <!--If you are configuring CoreWeave storage for Multi-tenant Cloud, switch to the browser window where you previously began to create the new team to find the W&B organization ID previously. Otherwise, l-->Log in to W&B as a user with the `admin` role, click the icon at the top left to open the left navigation, then click **Create a team to collaborate**.

Reviewer 3: Seems like this comment modifies the desired emphasis on "Create a team to collaborate**
<img width="440" alt="Screenshot 2025-06-27 at 1 28 37 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dc6f5f58-f86d-4acf-b0e6-2e57756e9621" />

Author: Done

1. Provide a name for the team.
1. Set **Storage Type** to **External storage**.
1. Click **Bucket location**. Select an existing bucket or click **Add bucket** at the bottom to create a new bucket.

>     To add a new bucket:

Reviewer 3: Aww. Do we now have lettered ordered lists? Might make it more clear?

<img width="859" alt="Screenshot 2025-06-27 at 1 29 33 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7e7d59d5-69d5-4e8d-8fa7-705320052784" />

Author: It turns out no, letters are not supported in Hugo! I reorganized this section a bit instead. PTAL.

    1. Click **Cloud provider** and select **CoreWeave**, **AWS**, **GCP**, or **Azure**. CoreWeave is not yet available for teams on Multi-tenant Cloud.
    1. Provide a **Name** for the bucket.
        - For **CoreWeave**, provide only the bucket name.
        - For Azure on W&B Dedicated or Self-Managed, provide Account name and Container name. <!--(TODO verify UI)-->
    1. Provide the bucket path you [determined earlier](#determine-the-storage-address).
    1. Optional configuration:
        - If applicable, set **Path** to the bucket sub-path.
        - **CoreWeave**: Set **KMS key ARN** to the CoreWeave ARN.
        - **AWS**: Set **KMS key ARN** to the ARN of your KMS encryption key.
        - **Azure**: Set **Tenant ID** and **Managed Identity Client ID** fields to the appropriate values.
        - **Multi-tenant Cloud**: Optionally invite members to the team. In **Invite team members**, specify a comma-separated list of email addresses. Otherwise, you can invite members to the team after it is created.

>           For **Dedicated Cloud** or **Self-Managed**, you can invite members to the team after it is created. 

Reviewer 3: Should this have a bullet point as well?

Author: No, it is part of the inviting members bullet point (now step 6). I verified it looks how I wanted it to. PTAL.
